# Resource bar
> This documentation explains the working of resource-bar component.

The bar in the top middle part of the screen displays the amount of resources you have with their respective icon.
Hovering over an icon will enlarge it. API calls are made to ensure that the amount displayed matches with the amount of resources your city has.

Five resources are displayed: Gems, wood, stone, steel & food. Wood and stone are predominantly used for constructing buildings and upgrading them while iron is mainly used to recruit your troops, food is used to maintain your current amount of troops. 
If there is not enough food available your troops will starve and die. Gems are used to purchase decorations for buildings.

The 'ResourceBar' function, defined in 'resourcebar.jsx', is responsible for rendering the resource bar. It returns a JSX that contains its design. The style is present in 'resourcebar.css'.
Each resource icon was generated by ChatGPT. 'ResourceBar' takes three arguments: 'resources', 'refresh' and 'refreshFunction'. 
'resources' contains the data and 'refresh' (a boolean) shows if the refresh button has been clicked or not. 'refreshFunction' consists of two functions. The first one is 'setCallForUpdate', the second one is 'setRefresh'.
'setCallForUpdate' is responsible for updating the essentials of the game. 'setRefresh' updates the value of 'refresh', which makes the refresh button not clickable for thirty seconds. 

The variable 'resources' is used to display the amount of each resource.